Miguel Ingram  00:02
Okay, testing, testing. 123, Testing, testing. 123, All right. So this is going to be the last play test. So hopefully, at least for today, before I actually have to share it with the rest of the teammates. But hopefully this is a good. All right, the rig. Okay. Yeah. First thing I can say is that the text box isn't actually centered on the screen, but okay, it looks like it's kind of towards the left for some reason. Whatever. Let's read it. So the pump on this rig has four days left in it. When it stops, the rig floods. We are standing on it. There are three of us: two borrowed suits, one set of scuba deer, and nobody left who is qualified. Damn. The part that fixes it is in the city underneath us. The city has been underwater for 11 years, and whatever got there is still down there. Whatever got there first is still down there. We go down. So it's feels like it's. It wants to, it wants to be a particular character talking about their situation, but it's not really doing that, which would make more sense. Like, who? Where is this? What is this perspective from exactly? Like, is this from an omniscient third person? I, I don't know. This is still the wording on this is still weird, but less weird than last time. So that's an improvement. I guess my only complaint is, well, are we? Who are we? Who's the main character? Who are we following? Also, these look a little different in terms of character models than what Glasscoat actually gave us from that main team FBX rig. So I don't I don't know what's going on here. They look decent, but that doesn't I don't know if that's those are actually what Glass Goat had gave us, which also should already be in the repo, which I I'm pretty sure you're using, right? You have to be using it because you were talking about the names. I I don't know what's going on here. Something to look into. Let's click Enter to descend. Oh, I think there's music playing or something. Oh, okay. So there's music playing. All right. So what is this? Um, space to ax kick. Okay. Um. So is every animation just a slight bob up and down? That's kind of lame. Let's see. I just click. Do I just keep hitting space? Yep, something in the dark has been disabled. Um, okay. So there was a transition, but the transition didn't really last very long. I mean, I I I could like see it for like half a second or something there. I don't really know what that was supposed to do. Oh wait, there's another person down here now. Okay, Scuba is about to Be hit, okay. So, which diver is controlled with the numbers? Is scuba one? Is scuba two? I have no idea. And why does the game like? What is this? This is kind of stupid. Like, still, the vast majority of the the the game is being is is is held up by these bolted panels. Like, like, let me measure my screen real Quick, yeah. Oh my goodness! Like it's not over half. It's like 80% of the screen is nothing but a panel. Um. Yeah, that's an issue. Sku is about to be hit. Okay, let me go back to the game. What's what's going on here? Click space. Okay, cool. So wait a minute. Click to move. Oh, I can click things now. Okay, cool. So does that mean I don't need? Okay. Do we really need all this text on the screen like this? Like, can we have buttons? And why does it say red ring? An attack. An attack lands here this turn. Blue does not. Blue equals nothing. Does break every limb to win. Not enough air to move. Like. Like you could just have, okay, okay. Let me let me just work through this fucking this this for you for a second. Let's let's start with the red ring, and attack lands here this turn. Blue does nothing. Okay, I want you to ask yourself for one second. How can I show this rather than say this? Like, like, like. How do other games do a tutorial? Basically, do a tutorial, right? And then, and then we don't need any of this text on the screen at all.

Miguel Ingram  07:26
We just have we just have a one stage where you defeat a very tiny enemy that, and it and it just shows you. Oh, the red ring. This is where the attack is going. Boom! It pops up on the screen. Oh, the blue is doing nothing. Boom. Okay, awesome. I don't need to show that ever again. But now it's just permanently on my screen forever. A break a limb to win. That's gonna be obvious the moment you actually do it in the game. So that doesn't need to be on the screen forever. But you need to teach them. Otherwise, I'm just being like, oh, I'm just having to read a bunch of crap forever on my screen. Not enough air to move. Again, if this was a real game with a real system where you could move and interact with what's going on, and the screen was actually interactively walking you through how to play the game, you never need to show this information ever again. And so, 80% of the screen real estate can go to things that are actually useful. Look at the bottom right here. Scuba one air per ability cannot afford at front. I don't even know what that's talking about. To be honest with you, oh wait, can I? Is it talking about? No. So that little arrow that's pointing to prototype two, or wait, two. I'm gonna have to give you a screenshot. This is ridiculous. That's that's not even telling me which person I have selected. Why can't I just play the game by clicking clicking the screen? I also have to click the screen and use the keys. What the hell is this nonsense? Like, I don't think you you've actually looked at or analyzed how HUDs and GUIs actually work for a game, Like, like, have you actually, like, like literally looked, visually analyzed the the HUDs of the games that we're supposed to be drawing homage to for the for for the for the for this game, like I have, let me let me go through here for a second. I have to stop the game in order to fucking do this. Let's. Closest games, roughly in order of kinship. You have Into the Beach, Slay the Spire, Darkest Dungeon, Monster Hunter, and classic multi-part JRPG bosses. Fallout, Vagrant Story, Fear Hunter, and then Zelda dungeons, I'm sure. I'm sure those games have GUIs or or features that are actually useful. I'll I'll give you an analysis from my independent Agent after this play test, but seriously, like the visual language of the game is bad. But I'm gonna keep playing because at least I can kind of, sort of figure out what I'm supposed to do. I guess I'm just gonna keep hitting space. Cannot swing. Yeah, this is ridiculous. Like I, I mean, adding a little bit of audio feedback was a good idea. So at least I know things are happening, But it's lame because, like, okay, space space for ax kick, space for palm strike, but the animation is just a bob up. The enemy. what is this? A crab? It's just floating there. Nothing happens, so it. So I have no indication that it actually hurt me, other than the damage indicator above my head. Prototype one is about to be hit. Why does it say prototype one and not a name? Okay. Move to under. Press E. You know what? I'm gonna say it. No more. No more. I shouldn't have to. I shouldn't have to learn these keyboard presses. It should just. I I should just be able to play the game because the keyboard presses don't even make sense. How do I even choose that? Oh nope. How do I even choose that I'm talking to the right person? Um, okay. Let me go to one. Nope. Okay. So this is this is maddening. This is maddening. In order to figure out what's going on, I have to play around with the keys, but that wastes my turn. So there's no there's no way to to just strategize and be like, okay, I want to I want to go here and move my character here for this reason. There's just there's just you've moved now. So when touching it actually feels like a decent game. Oh my God! This is this is tedious. I'm still on dive three. Okay. Okay, drum fitted.

Miguel Ingram  14:28
Basically, I mean, there there wasn't much strategy there. I mean, the once once I realized that the that all I really had to do was touch a player, move it to a place, and then tap space, and then click enter every now and again. The game was basically over. Well, now I'm on dive four. Prototype one comes with you now. What do you mean? It comes with me now. They were already on the rig. Point the drum at whatever is winding. Like, was I supposed to be saving that guy down there? Did I bring back a component to to save the rig? What did I even do? Why did I even go down there? Point the drum at whatever is winding up, and it stops. Reach from reaches from the back line, so you don't have to be in front of it to shut it. All you came, all of you came back, so there's time. So there's time to work. Everyone learns a second way to use what they already carry. Okay, press F for it. All right, I'm pressing F. Oh nope. So I'm in the drum-fitted screen with the text, and the prototype one comes down with you now. I press F, and nothing happens. So this would have been a perfect opportunity to learn what those different moves are going to be, and that's just not happening. Wow. Okay. Yeah, this is terrible. Okay, what is this? Some type of box. Turn a valve. Okay. Let me try clicking. Oh. Okay. Okay. So I. Oh. Okay. So I can click. Okay. So I can click the valve things. Okay. Yeah, we're removing keyboard controls entirely from the game. This is terrible. I mean, I mean, you can keep them, I guess, for you, or maybe we can rework them. But clicking the screen is way better than trying to learn the keyboard controls. Um. Oh, I'm supposed to go under the gut. Okay. Oh wait, there's there's supposed to be some type of double knee thing. Click F. Okay. Yeah, controlling the characters is terrible. I have no idea which diver is which, so even if I even if I click one or two and try and move it, like I'll do it right now. Click one. Oh nope, failed, and now I have to cut my airline. This is retarded. All right, let me click one and move it to the gut. Oh nope, that that moved the scuba diver. Okay, can I click two and then move him to the gut? Okay. Yeah, that's terrible. Okay, can I at least kill the thing? Okay, I killed it. No winning screen, just directly to a another puzzle thing. Okay. This is disorientating. Like these transitions were clearly not actually planned out properly. Okay, so so this puzzle really felt like a a test of can you read instructions Was, which honestly weren't very clear at all, and does the water? Why doesn't the water flow? Like I, I could have probably figured this out without the text, had had I understood if if I could actually visually see like the water flowing between the two things and I'm like, oh, I need to like I need to drain chamber three or something and get it dry. I still don't understand why I needed to do that, but why chamber A needed to be full, and chamber B needed to be empty. But I, I probably could have figured that out had there have been some actual reason to do it, instead of all this damn text that I had to read and decipher through. Okay. Okay. So now I'm on the big suit. Dive eight, proto five comes down with you again. He's already on the the rig. Why didn't he come down in the? Why didn't he come down in the first place? Nobody has run the big suit this dive before it eats three lines of air every time it moves or swings. Out of the four the pump gives you, it brings it, and you are spending most of your turn on one diver. I don't know what that means. I'm just gonna click enter. Okay, so it's space and F again.

Miguel Ingram  23:31
To be honest, I I don't know why I have three players when I can't do three attacks at the at at the same time, so I'm just gonna use one player and just click space a bunch of times, as seems to be the dominant strategy and. Nothing to hit from the front. Oh nope! One of my characters is dead. Great. Again, I have no idea what character is supposed to be which, so I'm just mashing buttons. Hopefully I can. Hopefully I can. Oh my god! I'm done. This is ridiculous. 25 minutes in, and I can tell you for a fact, the Tide Song combat was fun. This one is just tedious, and I feel like I'm being punished for playing it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai