Miguel Ingram  0:00  
All right, testing, testing. 123, I'm being told that I actually did not play the absolute latest fun build, so I will give it another shot, I guess. Lord. All right, so I'm on the rig. Dive one. Let me get comfy because this is probably going to take forever. The pump on this rig has four days left in it. When it stops, the rig floods, and we are standing on it. There are three of us: two borrowed suits, one set of scuba gear, and nobody left who's qualified. The part that fixes it is in the city under under us. Probably should say underneath, but whatever. The city has been underwater for 11 days, and whatever got there first is still down there, we go down. I mean, same issue. I mean, feel like there should be a bit of a hook here or a change of perspective. Like, sure, the text still reads weird, but at least it's better than the first play test I did, not not the one that I just got done doing at 4 p.m. The one I did at like 11 or something a.m. But whatever. Oh, at least the the text is actually the boxes are centered and the enter button is centered. That's is that a button or is that just a bolt? Oh, it's button. Okay. Let's see. On shared air tank, still a lot of text, but okay. Um, huh. Did the background change a little bit? I don't remember seeing this little light thing, light cone. That's interesting. Oh, cool. All right. Space. Oh, okay. Cool. Okay. Still, still the transitions are too short to explain anything. Also, why why am I now getting a a person here? Okay, let's just okay now now we have two boxes down here that takes up even more space. Amazing, Lord have mercy. Okay, so basically just space again. I I do like how it's targeting at the jaw, but there's literally so much. Like I can't even see the the monster I'm supposed to be fighting because it's it's just covered in text, like I legitimately cannot even see the thing I'm supposed to be fighting. I can't even see my my prototype one character because it's covered in text. What is this? At least I can click space to make make this go away. Can I move the character? Okay. Still, I I can't move. I can't move either. I can't. I can't. I can't move one player to like the flank and another player to the rear and then attack them both in in one turn. I can't. I can't do that. Which would be the the most obvious thing I could think of to to bring down this enemy faster, it's just to be able to attack at the same time as my other players, like Baldur's Gate. Like I can I can attack, I can move. I I've had multiple players in Baldur's Gate. I can just fucking move them, and and attack with them. Instead, I can only attack with one character per per turn. That's whatever. Scuba four is gonna go down soon. Move to the rear. He's dead now. Okay, now I can use the second player. Now that the first one's dead, I guess. Nothing. Yeah, I'm not even bothering to read anymore because it's just click space and click enter sometimes. Drum fit it. I'm not. I'm not. I don't really want to keep playing this. Like enter. Yeah, this is just the same. This is just the same thing. What is my? What am I on? The water thing. Okay, cool. Done. I don't. I don't want to keep playing this. This is. This is bad. I mean, I do like the lights and the little flashing things that are happening. The enemies are still static. The players' models are not Glass Goats models. The names-I mean, hell-I-you use the names, but you don't use the the the actual models. You like you could have just you could have replaced the model names with something useful, and then, and at least that would have been better. Instead, this is just like the worst of all the choices you could have made. Lord, I I don't want to keep playing this.

Miguel Ingram  6:31  
This is this is this this just makes me feel bad. But at least I get to at least the damage comes from the locations. I mean, that's kind of interesting. And like those little spotlight, interesting little colors. Yeah, I gotta stop. This is make this is this is hurting my soul to play. And it and it doesn't meaningfully change the feedback that I gave in the first playthrough at four. So I mean, I'm done

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
